(upbeat cheerful instrumental music)
We have two new static methods on object,
that's object.entries and object.values.
We've always had object.keys,
at least for a couple years now,
but now we sorta have the other side of it,
which is the values and one that's going to
get both of us,
so the backpacks and the actual value.
So we've got this inventory here,
and let's just take a quick look at it.
So I've got this inventory here,
it's just an object with some keys
and some values inside of it,
and object.keys would always give us
an array of the actual keys
and object.values is going to give us
the exact opposite,
which is the actual values on the other side,
whereas object.entries will give us
an array where each item is in the array,
and let's see how we can actually work with that.
So first make a nav for the inventory,
so maybe you're having a store
and you want to take all your inventory
and make a link for each of the pages
that has available inventory,
so what I would do for that is I would say
object.keys, pass at the inventory,
and that's going to give us an array back
and we're going to map over that where we
take the item and we're going to return
a list item with the item name inside of it
and we'll put that in a variable const
nav is equal to and console.log the nav.
When we refresh you see we have an array
with all of our items inside of it,
we can pop a quick join on the end there
to give us just straight old HTML,
and then you can just stick that
inside of an unordered list that you have it.
So that's keys, that's not new,
but just to get an idea of what we got there,
then we can actually use the other side,
which is the value.
So if you wanted to add up all of these numbers here,
we simply would say const total inventory
object.values.
We pass it the inventory and that will give us...
Again, that will give us just an array
of all of our values that we have there,
and we can just add them up real quick
with a reduce and we're going to take
the A and the B and return A plus B.
And then just console.log the total inventory,
see if we get the right number.
Good, 48.
There's 48 items inside of it.
Finally, if you wanna get both of them,
you can get an array of each,
so we'll do something like this.
Object.entries, we'll take the inventory,
and then that will give you an array.
You can map over that or you can...
For each other that, I'm going to show you
the for/of loop with this because this is
an Iterable and we're going to say...
We'll just call that a pair for now,
and for each pair that we have,
let's just console.log the pair.
There we go.
So for each one, we have the first thing
is going to be the key and the second thing
is going to be the value.
You might be thinking, "Oh, that's cool.
Well, we can use de-structuring for that."
So maybe you think...
Okay, well we could say const key val,
put those in square brackets so that we can
de-structure the values from the pair,
and then console log the key and the val directly.
And that works good; hoodies 4, shoes 11.
We're gonna get one step further and
delete this pair variable here,
we don't actually need it,
give ourselves parenthesis and just de-structure
the value as it's coming into the function.
So the key and the val and then we don't
even need this de-structure line right here.
You can de-structure the parameters of
a function as they get passed in,
and that gives us the exact same thing.
So that's pretty simple.
One kinda cool thing is that all of
these things are Iterables,
meaning that you can do things like this.
You can say for const key val of
object.entries inventory,
and then inside of this for/of loop,
we have access to the console.log,
the key, as well as the val that we have,
and that's going to give us however many we have.
Oop, object.
There we go.
It's the exact same thing that's happening.
What is the benefit of using this for/of
over things like for each or map or reduce?
The one benefit of that is the ability
to break out of it.
So we could do something like this,
we'll say if the key is equal to jeans,
then we want to break, and up here
let's just console.log the key
and then you'll see backpacks, jeans,
and then it breaks.
We no longer get the hoodies or shoes
because we have broken away.
You cannot break away from a for each
or a map or anything like that,
but you can break away.
I personally still prefer to use a map
because I don't often need to
break out of one of these things,
but if it was a situation,
especially with very long arrays,
then I wouldn't.
The other benefit, of course, to using
the for/of that we did in that video
is the for/of works with any Iterable,
not just arrays,
which we're sort of assuming here.
So again, you probably know object.keys,
but stick with object.values and object.entries
so you can work with objects no problem.